Filename: README
Name: Vanessa Chou
Login: cs30xhu
Date: 5/4/2015

Description: This program will encrypt, or encode, data inputted by the user.
             It takes a passphrase of at least 8 characters, 2 keys to create
             the encrypted data, a value from -63 to positive 63 to rotate
             the encoded data, and a file to store the data.

How to compile: The program compiles by typing "make" in the terminal.

How to run: To run the program, type the name of the executable and then
            the 5 inputs (passphrase, 2  keys, rotation key, and FILE). An example is
            "./pa2 cse30rules 12 123456 7 test1 > test2"

Normal output: Normal output goes to stdout. An example of normal output is:
./pa2 cse30rules 1 123456 7 test1 > test2

The output is encrypted data.

Abnormal output: Abnormal output goes to stderr. An example of abnormal
                 output is when the user inputs an extra argument.

[cs30xhu@ieng9]:pa2$ ./pa2 cse30rules 5
Usage: ./pa2 passPhrase key1 key2 rotVal FILE
    passPhrase (must at least eight characters long)
    key1 (must be numeric; decimal, octal or hexadecimal)
    key2 (must be numeric; decimal, octal or hexadecimal)
    rotVal (must be a decimal value within the range [-63 - 63])
    FILE (must be the name of a file or '-' for stdin)
								
Testing: To test the program, I ran my program against examples provided in
         the PA2 instructions the and the sample pa2 program and compared
	 the outputs.

Questions:
1. The command to rename a file is mv old-file-name new-file-name.
2. The command to copy a file is cp source destination.
3. The selected text will copy and paste when you middle click.
4. A file that contains runtime configuration settings for Vim when it starts.
   You create them by typing vim .vimrc, and then add/edit the commands in the
   file and then save it. 
5. Type V in command mode to highlight the lines, and d to cut the line of text to
   clipboard. To paste, type p in command mode.
6. Type / in command mode, followed by the string to search.
7. Type :set nu in command mode.
8. To change to the fubar directory in a single command, you would type
   cd ~/fubar in terminal. This will change directly to the home directory
   and go to the fubar directory.
9. To change permissions, use the command chmod. To give read permission to
   group, type chmod g+r filename.
